Is that better?
Ah much better
Who?
Who's sneaking around there?
What's up?
Someone was there just now and didn't know what to do
Maybe trying to steal something
That should be fine.
By the way, how is the sales status now?
The current turnover is 10 million a day
Down a month
The total turnover can reach 300 million
What? Sometimes I hit 300 million.
Or Yixiu Ge's marketing is useful
Now your ex-husband's Fang Chang Food Company
Even if they cut prices every day
But no one buys gift boxes from him anymore.
He's been out of luck these days
It's still a little worse than I expected
After all, in this age
Media information is still poor
What era?
Oh, I mean
Just hit my card with the dividend
Nothing much happened.
I'll go back and take care of Xiaoyan first
Wife, look what I bought again
Dad is a badass
Bullying mom again
Mom?
Wife, why are you packing your bags?
Nothing.
Let's get a divorce.